README.md, before:

# Project Euler

Problems from the [Project Euler Website](https://projecteuler.net/)

**Project Euler** is a series of challenging mathematical/computer programming problems that will require more than just mathematical insights to solve.

## Who are the problems aimed at?
The intended audience include students for whom the basic curriculum is not feeding their hunger to learn, adults whose background was not primarily mathematics but had an interest in things mathematical, and professionals who want to keep their problem solving and mathematics on the cutting edge.

## Can anyone solve the problems?
The [problems](https://projecteuler.net/archives) range in difficulty and for many the experience is inductive chain learning. That is, by solving one problem it will expose you to a new concept that allows you to undertake a previously inaccessible problem. So the determined participant will slowly but surely work his/her way through every problem.

> *"Project Euler exists to encourage, challenge, and develop the skills and enjoyment of anyone with an interest in the fascinating world of mathematics."*

### Questions Added:<br>
![7%](https://progress-bar.dev/7) 59/765 questions

Commit message:

Adds steps in the README file
Mentions steps to solve the problems and to merge them back here in the main branch.

README.md, after:

# Project Euler

Problems from the [Project Euler Website](https://projecteuler.net/)

**Project Euler** is a series of challenging mathematical/computer programming problems that will require more than just mathematical insights to solve.

If you want to solve any of the given problems, just fork the project, write your code, and if it works, set up a [Pull Request](https://github.com/cr2007/Project-Euler/pulls) to merge it with the main branch.

## Who are the problems aimed at?
The intended audience include students for whom the basic curriculum is not feeding their hunger to learn, adults whose background was not primarily mathematics but had an interest in things mathematical, and professionals who want to keep their problem solving and mathematics on the cutting edge.

## Can anyone solve the problems?
The [problems](https://projecteuler.net/archives) range in difficulty and for many the experience is inductive chain learning. That is, by solving one problem it will expose you to a new concept that allows you to undertake a previously inaccessible problem. So the determined participant will slowly but surely work his/her way through every problem.

> *"Project Euler exists to encourage, challenge, and develop the skills and enjoyment of anyone with an interest in the fascinating world of mathematics."*

### Questions Added:<br>
![7%](https://progress-bar.dev/7) 59/765 questions
